[Docs] Updating docs throughout InstructLab repo per CLI redesign (#1352)
instructlab/instructlab: README.md

## ❓ What is `ilab`

> [!ANNOUNCEMENT]

> > InstructLab release 0.17.0 on June 14, 2024 contains updates to the `ilab` CLI design. The `ilab` commands now fall into groups for an easier workflow and understanding of the commands. For more information, see the [InstructLab CLI reference](docs/cli_reference.md) To view all the available flags for each command group, use the `--help`tag after the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> InstructLab release 0.17.0 on June 14, 2024 contains updates to the `ilab` CLI design. The `ilab` commands now fall into groups for an easier workflow and understanding of the commands. For more information, see the [InstructLab CLI reference](docs/cli_reference.md) To view all the available flags for each command group, use the `--help` tag after the command.
```

   ```shell
   (venv) $ ilab
   Usage: ilab [GROUP] COMMAND [ARGS]...

   CLI for interacting with InstructLab.

   If this is your first time running InstructLab, it's best to start with `ilab config init` to create the environment.

   Options:
   --config PATH  Path to a configuration file.  [default: config.yaml]
   --version      Show the version and exit.
   --help         Show this message and exit.

   Command: 
      config      Command group for Interacting with the Config of InstructLab
      data        Command group for Interacting with the Data of generated by...
      model       Command group for Interacting with the Models in InstructLab
      sysinfo     Print system information
      taxonomy    Command group for Interacting with the Taxonomy in InstructLab

   Aliases:

>    chat: model chat

Reviewer 2: I think this is fixed to be indented now

>    Command: 
>       config      Command group for Interacting with the Config of InstructLab
>       data        Command group for Interacting with the Data of generated by...
>       model       Command group for Interacting with the Models in InstructLab
>       sysinfo     Print system information
>       taxonomy    Command group for Interacting with the Taxonomy in InstructLab
> 
>       Aliases:
>       chat: model chat
>       convert: model convert
>       diff: taxonomy diff
>       download: model download
>       generated: model generate

Reviewer 3: Since you are going through the effort of changing those, please consider a this alternative as well (less repetitive and less generic): 

```suggestion
 Commands:
  config      Configure InstructLab settings
  data        Manage generated data
  model       Operations on models (chat, convert, download, serve, test, train)
  sysinfo     Display system information
  taxonomy    Handle taxonomy data

Aliases:
  chat        Shortcut for 'model chat'
  convert     Shortcut for 'model convert'
  diff        Shortcut for 'taxonomy diff'
  download    Shortcut for 'model download'
  generate    Shortcut for 'model generate'
  init        Shortcut for 'config init'
  serve       Shortcut for 'model serve'
  test        Shortcut for 'model test'
  train       Shortcut for 'model train'
```

>       generated: model generate

Author: That was just a typo, nice catch!

   ```shell
   (venv) $ ilab

>    Usage: ilab [GROUP] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Author: I can change it back cuz I think it still works like it was before.

   CLI for interacting with InstructLab.

>    If this is your first time running InstructLab, it's best to start with `ilab config init` to create the environment.

Author: I'm not sure about this one cuz I believe it should have updates per Charlies PR

>    If this is your first time running InstructLab, it's best to start with `ilab config init` to create the environment.

Reviewer 4: Right -- it needs to be fixed in the code

>    If this is your first time running InstructLab, it's best to start with `ilab config init` to create the environment.

Author: I see that now, thank you for doing that!

   Options:
   --config PATH  Path to a configuration file.  [default: config.yaml]
   --version      Show the version and exit.
   --help         Show this message and exit.

   Command: 
      config      Command group for Interacting with the Config of InstructLab
      data        Command group for Interacting with the Data of generated by...
      model       Command group for Interacting with the Models in InstructLab
      sysinfo     Print system information
      taxonomy    Command group for Interacting with the Taxonomy in InstructLab

      Aliases:
      chat: model chat
      convert: model convert
      diff: taxonomy diff
      download: model download
      generate: model generate
      init: config init 
      serve: model serve
      test: model test

>       train: model train

Author: I just updates that so I believe thats all fixed. If its not, can you send the output that you see?
